Protected Fields docs (#716)
ParsePlatform/Docs: _includes/parse-server/class-level-permissions.md

 "ownerEmail": "email@example.com",
 "owner": {"__type": "Pointer", "objectId": "0wn3r1d"},
 ... // we'll omit default fields for brevity.
}

```

### `Public '*'`

`*` represents public scope. It covers all requests received by server.

For example:

```js
// PUT http://localhost:1337/schemas/:className
// Set the X-Parse-Application-Id and X-Parse-Master-Key header
// body:
{
  classLevelPermissions:
  {
    "get": {
      "*": true
    },
    "protectedFields": {
      "*": ["owner", "ownerEmail", "secret"],
    }
  }
}
```

Here we define that fields `owner`,`ownerEmail` and `secret` are protected for all (`*`) requests. These fields will be excluded from the object in reponse. It will only contain fields that are not listed as protected:

```js
// response:
{
 "preview": "Lorem ipsum",
 "article": "Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet",
 "views": "42"
}
```

### `authenticated`

It is possible to distinguish logged in users using `authenticated` key. In the following example we will let non-authenticated users to see only a `preview` field, while users with valid session token could additionally see `article` and `views`:

```js
{
  classLevelPermissions:
  {
    "protectedFields": {

>       "*": ["views", "secret", "ownerEmail", "owner", "article",],

Reviewer: extra comma.

      "authenticated": ["secret", "ownerEmail", "owner"]
    }
  }
}
```

```js
// example response for user without session token:
{
 "preview": "Lorem ipsum",
}

// example response for logged in user:
{
 "preview": "Lorem ipsum",
 "article": "Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet",
 "views": "42"
}
```

> It is essential to understand the basic principle how server determines which fields to protect when user belongs to multiple groups with different rules defined. First, server finds all scopes with `protectedFields` the user belongs to. Then resulting set is determined as an intersection of all applicable sets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is essential to understand the basic principle of how the server determines which fields to protect when a user belongs to multiple groups with different rules defined. First, the server finds all scopes with the `protectedFields` the user belongs to. Then the resulting set is determined as an intersection of all applicable sets.
```

> In the above example, for logged in user:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the above example, for a logged in user:
```

3. Object will have all keys except `secret`, `ownerEmail` and `owner`.

### `role:`

To target users belonging to some role, use `role:role_name` as a key.

Let's say we want to allow users with `admin` role to see all fields, while protecting some fields for all other users:

```js
{
  classLevelPermissions:
  {
    "protectedFields": {
      "*": ["ownerEmail", "secret"],
      "role:admin": []
    }
  }
}
```

In the above example we explicitly set empty array `[]` to state that no fields should be protected for users with `admin` role. So for `admin`, according to the principle discussed earlier:

* Both `*` and `role:admin` scopes are applicable. 
* The intersection result is `[]` (since there is no field that is present in both sets) thus all fields will appear in response.

### Role hierarchy

Sometimes your roles are related and form a hierarchy, e.g. when `tester` is related to `moderator` - `tester` inherits all privileges of `moderator`. Role hierarchy is also considered when protected fields are evaluated.

```js
let moderator = ... // Parse.Role
let tester = ...    // Parse.Role

moderator.getRelation('roles).add(tester);
``` 

> Here is an example of a tricky setup that may lead to unexpected result, we'll explain why right after:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example of a tricky setup that may lead to unexpected results, we'll explain why right after:
```

```js
{
  classLevelPermissions:
  {
    "protectedFields": {
      "role:moderator": ["secret"],
      "role:tester": ["ownerEmail"]
    }
  }
}
```

* When user with `role:moderator` fetches an object, `secret` is protected.

> * When user with `role:tester` fetches same object - all fields appear to be visible, even though `role:tester` has `ownerEmail` set as protected. This happens because of role hierarchy - when user has a role, he also implicitly gets all the inherited roles. Then server intersects sets for all roles (both `role:tester` and inherited `role:moderator` in this case) and intersection of `["secret"]` vs `["ownerEmail"]` results in `[]` (sets have no fields in common).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When a user with `role:tester` fetches the same object - all fields appear to be visible, even though `role:tester` has `ownerEmail` set as protected. This happens because of role hierarchy - when a user has a role, they also implicitly get all the inherited roles. Then server intersects sets for all roles (both `role:tester` and inherited `role:moderator` in this case) and intersection of `["secret"]` vs `["ownerEmail"]` results in `[]` (sets have no fields in common).
```

### User ID

You can target users by their id. Just use `<_User>`'s `objectId` as a key:

```js
{
  classLevelPermissions:
  {
    "protectedFields": {
      "*": ["article", "ownerEmail", "secret"],
      "authenticated": ["ownerEmail","secret"]
      "s0m3userId": ["ownerEmail", "views"],
      "r00tus3rId": []
    }
  }
}
```

The same rule apples here - user that is targeted by id is still subject to rules set for all broader scopes. So for `s0m3userId`:

* 3 sets of fields will be intersected: `*`, `authenticated` and `s0m3userId`.

> * As a result only `["ownerEmail"]` ia protected. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* As a result only `["ownerEmail"]` is protected. 
```

* `views` field (although being listed as protected) actually has no effect, because it is not protected (in other words allowed) for everyone `*`.

### `userField:` (pointers)

> There is one more way to target user - by pointer field. The syntax is: `userField:column_name`. This uses similar concept as [#pointer-permissions](Pointer Permisssions). You use column name (of either `Pointer<_User>` or `Array` type) as a key. And fields will be protected for any users pointed to by this field.  For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is one more way to target a user - by pointer field. The syntax is: `userField:column_name`. This uses a similar concept as [#pointer-permissions](Pointer Permissions). You use column name (of either `Pointer<_User>` or `Array` type) as a key and fields will be protected for any users pointed to by this field.  For example:
```

```js
let user1, user2 = ... // Parse.User
let object = ...;      // Parse.Object

object.owner = user2;
```

```js
{
  classLevelPermissions:
  {
    "protectedFields": {
      "*": ["article", "owner", "ownerEmail", "secret"],
      "userField:owner": [] // 'owner' field is Pointer<_User>
    }
  }
}
```

```js
// response for user1:
{
 "preview": "Lorem ipsum",
 "views": "42",
}

// response for user2
{
 "preview": "Lorem ipsum",
 "article": "Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet",
 "secret": "consectetur adipiscing elit",
 "views": "42",
 "ownerEmail": "email@example.com",
 "owner": {"__type": "Pointer", "objectId": "0wn3r1d"},
}

```

> In this example, server checks if the user who hass issued a request is pointed to in requested object's `owner` field. No fields will be protected for user who is set as `owner` of each particular object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, the server checks if the authenticated user is equal to the `owner` field of the object. No fields will be protected for the user who is set in the `owner` field of each particular object.
```
